Update readme for webserver specific software (#24)
lazybytez/custom-eggs: README.md

Here is the link to the Docker Hub repository with the Docker images: [https://hub.docker.com/r/lazybytez/eggs](https://hub.docker.com/r/lazybytez/eggs)

> ## Webservers and Nginx
> 
> We once had a `nginx / php` egg. But The problem is that nginx is **not secure** to use with pterodactyl. So we won't do any **NGINX** related eggs anymore.   
> But other webservers like **Caddy** etc. which don't use root are welcome.
> 

Reviewer: I will maybe try to add some improved nginx eggs in the future, therefore I would suggest a wording like the following:
```suggestion
## Webservers and Nginx

We had a `nginx / php` egg in this repository which has been removed. The NGINX egg did not reach the quality standard we wanted and was **not really secure**. The NGINX egg has been replaced with a Caddy egg that is way more configurable and secure.

```
